personally, I love traveling in the Navy. I didn't really get to travel,
do the work while I was on active duty. But as a reservist, we travel
all the time. In fact, we travel every single year, so they could
send me from my home in Los Angeles, toe Norfolk. And once I get
to Norfolk, the flight there is paid for, Um, you can stay at a hotel,
you get a certificate of non availability, which means that you can
stay at any of the hotels off base or if they have government hotels
on base. Then you get to stay at a nice hotel and with with maid
service and breakfast, most likely they even pay for your car. So as
long as you keep the receipts or you type it in tow the website, um,
the travel website, Then for the most part, um, once you get back
home, they'll give you the cash right there on the spot. Sometimes
you're there, you're traveling and you need some cash. Uh, that shouldn't
come from your normal paycheck. Uh, then you actually write a
write request and they give you advanced pay. So basically, you don't
have to really worry about money when you're traveling as long as
like you write the correct paperwork. Um, it should all be free and
paid for by the military.